Lisa Galea: Hello.
Helena: Hello?
Helena: How are you going?
Lisa Galea: surviving.
Lisa Galea: You know, I got that right, that I was here
Lisa Galea: An hour, because I came an hour ago, and then I was like, that's the wrong time, you Wally.
Lisa Galea: But then I guess…
Helena: Of course, because they were having started on Sunday, didn't they?
Lisa Galea: My calendar said it was 3 o'clock, and I'm like, I don't understand how this time change works. I didn't even know that on Sunday. Because your phone just goes, doesn't it? You just wake up and it's a different time, who knows what time it's? I don't give a shit, I don't even wear a watch.
Lisa Galea: I don't know what time I was using, someone says time change, and I'm like, oh my god, I love that, when I'm late, I'm still early.
Helena: You're an hour ahead of yourself.
Lisa Galea: That's why it's so good for me.
Lisa Galea: Thank you, I love that. I'm so glad we're ahead, like, we're ahead of America, because I'll, like, turn up to a meeting, I'll be like, thank God it's tomorrow. I might be ready by then properly.
Helena: A place that might actually be ready.
Lisa Galea: I'm ready, but I'm not really, so I'll be ready tomorrow.
Lisa Galea: Excellent, girls, let's get started. I am excited for what we're gonna do.
Lisa Galea: And I thought today, we'll make a plan. One, we should make sure that we do have regular meetings.
Lisa Galea: already planned in advance, I thought, because when I woke up this morning, I was like, oh shit, what are we meeting today? And I was like, we probably do want to book that in, so if you girls let me know, I am also flexible if you said, oh, customer's just come in and I have to change it, Lisa.
Lisa Galea: But I thought we should, like, sort of lock it in over the next… Little baby.
Lisa Galea: 4 or 6 weeks, because then we're like, we know this is going to happen, because it.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Really, to do it in 6 weeks is gonna be a push.
Lisa Galea: Alright, so that's what I thought. Let's make sure we are recording. Did it say when I came in? Yes, good.
Helena: I think so.
Lisa Galea: Silentai.
Lisa Galea: So, where are you girls at with your… let me make sure I even made a… I even changed desktops here when you saw the neat stuff.
Lisa Galea: Oh, so that's good. I've got, stuff set up.
Lisa Galea: I actually was just looking, because I had the extra time, because what I would normally like to do is a, digital footprint of where we're at now.
Helena: Okay. But then I was like, oh, AI must be able to do that way better than me, so I'm just.
Lisa Galea: I've just actually loaded the Python, which is open source, to do the proper one from the back end.
Lisa Galea: That I'll do. But I've also started a list, because they're… they wanted to pay all this money, it was like 2 to 5 grand, like, the proper programs that, you know, manage your brand.
Lisa Galea: And I was like, I just want a free brand audit of where I'm at. I want to be able to find out where we're at and where we've got words.
Helena: And we actually did quite a good little thing of what we should set up, like, in Google tagging and things like that for you.
Lisa Galea: So, I will tag you in and organize that.
Lisa Galea: That's no good, your… that's why it was weird. Your Zoomie isn't on the right dashboard.
Lisa Galea: Spadacious way.
Lisa Galea: Let's see… how cool was… I was pretty happy.
Lisa Galea: Because, you know your dad's… can you see me?
Helena: Yep.
Lisa Galea: So, you know I shared the project management portal with you?
Lisa Galea: Did you see that?
Helena: Oh, I don'.
Lisa Galea: Oh, no, I think I told you… God, girls are gonna think I'm fab.
Lisa Galea: Wait till you see what I've built! I was like, oh my god. So I went in here from our… started with, say, these three transcribes.
Lisa Galea: So what this is, you will not be getting to this point, so do not panic, but it's actually pretty easy.
Lisa Galea: And that's what I wanted you to see, is, like, I'm basically doing… asking questions, and as I ask questions, I make the documents. So instead of giving it a knowledge base.
Lisa Galea: It's like I'm engineering my knowledge base.
Lisa Galea: So, when we,
Lisa Galea: When we're looking at prompts, and we're thinking it loses information because it's not going to exact sources.
Lisa Galea: Which is why, like, knowledge bases work so much better. But this is, like, an evolving one, so if we have another meeting and we changed our project management.
Lisa Galea: we could then, it would just update the Gantt chart for us, and we can also make sure we're on top of things.
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: You can see I'm seeing it through this end. It's not very useful for you.
Lisa Galea: But, I have then set it up so your dad could see at the other end.
Lisa Galea: really, it was just to manage it, because I'm still really managing it
Lisa Galea: It's hard to know where's the easiest for you guys.
Helena: Okay, like, what's the easiest? But for me, being able to ask questions and us to put things in there, and it to move the Gantt chart and make sure we are totally on.
Lisa Galea: target
Lisa Galea: That's what that's for, it's not really for you, but I just wanted you to see how I built it.
Helena: Lisa, is that our Google Drive that we can put stuff in?
Lisa Galea: Yeah, it's… I have got a folder for you.
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: with this, Disrupt Falcon Swiss. So what I did was, in order for you to see this, I have… because it's… the good thing as well with, like, this is, as I'm making those knowledge documents, they're all on my computer, there's none going out into the web.
Lisa Galea: Which, obviously, with security, that's what we're… it's like, I think Notion's great, but…
Lisa Galea: I don't know if we're meant… I don't think we're meant to be putting all our stuff in there.
Lisa Galea: We're meant to put summaries of the meeting in there, like I checked. It's like, from this meeting, we make a summary, that goes in there so we can project manage and make sure it's happening with tasks.
Lisa Galea: But we're not meant to put all your details of everything we've talked about in a meeting in there, because it hasn't got that final end
Lisa Galea: security that, like, Google has and offers does.
Lisa Galea: And Odoo, I looked into Odu on the weekend, because, to be honest, I thought that was a specialty
Lisa Galea: program.
Lisa Galea: for medical.
Lisa Galea: like, to do your thingies, do you know what I mean? And I looked into it, but I hadn't really looked into it, like, what does this do? I just thought, oh, that was a cool program that was to do with your business.
Lisa Galea: And it's… obviously, I realize, no, it's not. It's a proper, like, Salesforce-y type thing.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: But it gives you very good protection, et cetera, et cetera. It puts those guardrails in for you, which is…
Helena: Oh, good.
Lisa Galea: So, it's excellent. It's based on ChatGBT, because when I showed this to your dad, he was like, oh, I've just started putting stuff up in…
Lisa Galea: Odie.
Lisa Galea: And really goes, it's not as detailed, and I was like, well, it's mostly because he wouldn't have the right prompts, because it's basically, it can do whatever I can do.
Helena: Right.
Lisa Galea: So the questions I've put into mine, and that looks all confusing, I've got prompts that it's just like 1, 2, 3, 4, you could put in chat GPT, and it'd be exactly the same. It's just, I'm just building out all the documents. And then this is how you would see it as a customer.
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: So you could go, here's the timeline, here's all the documents, so you had access to them, whatever, or what I've made.
Lisa Galea: And then also… but that's, like, just for you to download and look, and then also it's going through Project Risk, as you know.
Lisa Galea: So it's good because we can stay on task, but what I love the most is if I normally do a brand… a Gantt chart.
Lisa Galea: I have time at the beginning to plan it. It's like, I'm on board. And then we're in the sprint, and then you're like.
Lisa Galea: Thanks.
Lisa Galea: This way is like, this is what's happened, we've gone on another branch, can we make sure everything aligns for it?
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: So, that's what I think it's great for, but I also thought you should see how powerful… I mean, that's pretty amazing.
Lisa Galea: And partly, I will say, I'm just typing in, how'd you do this?
Lisa Galea: don't know what I'm doing, so don't stress! It, like, as you work with it, it is still, like, as I'm working here…
Lisa Galea: Like, I said, oh, I went and I went…
Lisa Galea: I wanted to show you this process as well, because part of us finding out the information with branding and stuff, we are… I think you've got a lot of good stuff already done, but I really want you to know how to think and how to use LLMs moving forward.
Lisa Galea: So I was like, okay, I want to find a digital footprint.
Lisa Galea: So the first thing I did was I went to Perplexity. I didn't go to my normal one where it's got all my stuff about me. I just went to Perplexity to go have a look. I haven't got a paid account, but I was like, what's the best way? I want to show you the prompt, because that's the other thing I'm seeing that people are really doing wrong.
Lisa Galea: is you've got to think… I will transcribe this all for you. You have to think…
Lisa Galea: AI is basically creating averages.
Lisa Galea: of information.
Lisa Galea: And the neural networks it's built on are for a 4-7 year old.
Lisa Galea: So, if you were giving a task to a 4-7 year old.
Lisa Galea: You wouldn't give it 20 at once.
Lisa Galea: You wouldn't… you would explain the context, you would say, these are the tools, and you're only allowed to touch these ones?
Lisa Galea: Because… you know, they don't… they even start… it's crazy what they start doing.
Isabelle: Okay, go home. Okay.
Lisa Galea: You know, the more you narrow that as well with, like, when you're doing averages, the more you narrow where you're looking, you're going to get better data, because the web's got too much shit on it.
Isabelle: So we really want to make sure we're doing clean prompts, and the key to doing that is using the right language.
Lisa Galea: Let me just find a plexi.
Lisa Galea: Do you guys know that, that when you have a billion tabs open, you can just type that in there?
Lisa Galea: See? The arrow?
Isabelle: Do you think, Lisa, that, I'm not getting the right output yet from Make? Not because of the prompts, but because I'm asking it to do too many things at once?
Lisa Galea: you will find it's much better to do 10 mini steps, where you are also… that's what I've… I also created on…
Lisa Galea: Like, what… how are we thinking about creating… like, what do we want to create? That's the most important outcome?
Isabelle: It's slow.
Lisa Galea: And then…
Isabelle: Do you want some…
Lisa Galea: That's what I would say, because, well, when you're testing, and you're watching it, and you're running
Lisa Galea: You've done it in miniature bits, which you'll get better results, because it doesn't have to…
Isabelle: Read.
Lisa Galea: Imagine, even me, would you?
Isabelle: On humans.
Lisa Galea: Imagine if you gave a human, oh, do this project, blah blah blah, nope.
Isabelle: Okay.
Lisa Galea: Everyone's freaking out about it. Exactly. Yeah, like, they're saying context engineering, this is the new word, which is what I just showed you.
Isabelle: Excuse me.
Lisa Galea: It's like, well, if you weren't putting in context in the first place, that's why you were.
Isabelle: finishing answers.
Lisa Galea: It makes no sense.
Lisa Galea: And it wouldn't be able to do that job. So keep that in mind. Have I told you why I'm doing this, what I want to.
Isabelle: that you probably had for in the.
Lisa Galea: Really key is use the right language.
Isabelle: Kathy.
Lisa Galea: So when I.
Isabelle: Actually, it's a…
Lisa Galea: When I started, I'm launching a newsletter, so I started doing that yesterday.
Isabelle: I'm.
Lisa Galea: The first thing I typed in was, who would you contact to create an award-winning subscription newsletter that created global social change?
Lisa Galea: Because it was like, I want the AI to act as somebody, because I'm building a, like, editor.
Lisa Galea: Like, who's the best editor in the world, and are they really called an editor?
Lisa Galea: And they're not. There was 4 different jobs that I'd never heard of in my life.
Isabelle: On the left.
Lisa Galea: For now, my bot is gonna be so precise, because when you say you do behavioral science, like, I explained me.
Lisa Galea: And it's like, well, I'm only going to get data from people who are talking in this language.
Isabelle: Which means that? And you get…
Lisa Galea: A much better result.
Lisa Galea: So you have to keep it as really in your… where's my proposal?
Isabelle: to share with you.
Lisa Galea: showing you.
Isabelle: the gospel.
Lisa Galea: complexity, when I started.
Isabelle: There's the problem, at least not.
Lisa Galea: Problem is, I want it in the bloody.
Isabelle: I can answer.
Lisa Galea: I got 2 Google Drives open.
Lisa Galea: though, I was like.
Isabelle: Like, I'.
Lisa Galea: running.
Isabelle: That's extremely strong.
Lisa Galea: Yes, my loop.
Isabelle: Once applied, and then logic.
Lisa Galea: Do you want to turn your microphone off, whoever, because I can hear you.
Isabelle: Oh, yeah, sorry, that's okay.
Lisa Galea: I'll freak my brain out.
Lisa Galea: Because I can't cope with that noise.
Lisa Galea: Alright, here we go. So, I went in, I'm performing. Now, first of all, as I went to write, I was like, I'm doing, and then I'm like, I'm not doing it, because that's not how we speak in my industry.
Lisa Galea: we're performing a brand new. So as soon as I say performing, it's only going to go and look at people who are performing a brandy audit, not an idiot on Pinterest.
Lisa Galea: Okay, so it's like, I'm starting to tell it the language so it's narrowing the field. And I want to map their current digital footprint, what's the most effective way to use AI to gather this data.
Lisa Galea: And then I'm like, what LLM models are people sharing in forums like Reddit that give best results for scraping data off the web? So it knows what I want to do, why I want to do it.
Lisa Galea: And I've given it a clue that I actually want information from what people are saying.
Lisa Galea: I don't want… Like an ad.
Lisa Galea: So then it's come back and told me that, and…
Lisa Galea: I'm like, what are best practice for optimal results? The word best practice is working very well at the moment, because I'm saying, what's the best practice for this?
Lisa Galea: And it goes and finds it instead of just telling me step-by-step instructions that are bollocks.
Lisa Galea: It might tell me them, and I'm like, could you please go and check that they are the best practice for an inclusive team?
Lisa Galea: And it comes back, and it makes it so much better.
Lisa Galea: So, think of words like that, because those are used in a professional place.
Lisa Galea: And having those words will also get you better results. If you don't know what they are, because I often don't, and I think that's why I'm better, I'm, like, I go and ask Google.
Lisa Galea: Who's the person? What are the steps? I don't do it in the feed I'm working in. I come and just do it in shit like this, so it's not messing up my history.
Lisa Galea: Okay, so I just keep it out in another one where I'm just like, this is researched stuff. But see how it told me all these expensive ones?
Lisa Galea: And I was like, I don't want to do that.
Lisa Galea: What free ones are available?
Lisa Galea: Because they were, like, 5 grand. I was like, we're not looking to go on a plan.
Lisa Galea: And then, it gave me my manual searches, and it also gave me recommendations.
Lisa Galea: So I'm like, oh, cool, that's put me in a good place. So now I can do a comparison on these ones.
Lisa Galea: And see where we go. So see how, as soon as, like, he gave me, I was like.
Lisa Galea: How much do these things cost, you've told me to do?
Lisa Galea: So I'm like, run a comparison on…
Lisa Galea: Brand audit platforms, create a comparison table, prices, pros and cons for these programs.
Lisa Galea: So I've really told… I haven't just said, run a comparison table.
Lisa Galea: I've told it what I want it to include, okay? So, that was cool, because I was like, that's not what I want.
Lisa Galea: So as soon as it recommends me stuff in another program, I just whip over here, go, which one's the best? Can you go and look on Reddit?
Lisa Galea: So we actually know we're getting… at least we're getting better information to make a better decision. We're not just…
Lisa Galea: tossing the LLM, okay? So that's, I think, will get you better results, and, we're gonna have some funds.
Lisa Galea: scraping people off the web, because I love doing that.
Lisa Galea: Alright, so anything we do, we'll update in here, but it's really just to show you the power of this.
Lisa Galea: And what you can find out. And then also, it's pretty handy, we can just share information immediately.
Lisa Galea: And you could just do this, you don't have to do it in GitHub, you can just do it from your one you created.
Lisa Galea: Like, I can be in Gemini. It's Gemini in here.
Lisa Galea: There's one where it just lets you have a free website HTML page.
Lisa Galea: And so, you just go into Gemini, I was doing research.
Lisa Galea: So I wanted to research,
Lisa Galea: men… I think people are getting a little, like, I think biases of, like, you know how we're scared of plane flights?
Lisa Galea: And I keep hearing people talking like men are going to be, like, perpetrating them all the time, and we can't leave our kids with them, and stuff like this. I'm like, I don't know any man I can't leave my kids with.
Lisa Galea: Like, I think most men are good humans. I think they even beat them up in prison if they've touched kids.
Lisa Galea: You know, like, I think our biases, so I wanted to find out when did that happen.
Lisa Galea: what was the trigger? Because we used to be able to play in the street, we used to trust our neighbours.
Lisa Galea: So, I went through that, and obviously it did me a… I did a research report on finding out what I was…
Lisa Galea: Thinking?
Lisa Galea: I then did a… so it gave me this big report, and I wanted to share that with my friend, and I'm like, they don't want to read that shit, Lisa.
Lisa Galea: So then, I just go here. So one, this is now almost a HTML page. If it made it for me, I can just copy it and paste it in this other program.
Lisa Galea: Let's see here, I just asked it… oh, make it a web page.
Lisa Galea: It will be done for you.
Lisa Galea: And I said, make infographic, okay? So I'll just do that now, like, while we're working. But you could just go to this, open.
Lisa Galea: Wait, that's gonna mess me up.
Lisa Galea: And it… it all shows it as a full infographic. I don't think it's gonna let me do it while we're on it.
Lisa Galea: We can, new tap.
Lisa Galea: Which is also fab, because you can start having lots going on.
Lisa Galea: Pretty much wherever we…
Lisa Galea: So, see that?
Lisa Galea: So, really quickly, I could show them, this is what caused… and we went to the state from this… a boy got abducted in America in 1983, and obviously that's sad, and he was disappeared.
Lisa Galea: But, like, you can't believe the percentage of people who watch this, and then the father went on to do, like, a TV series and everything on it.
Lisa Galea: And from there, it started building the…
Lisa Galea: Our mind, where we start getting afraid of things.
Lisa Galea: I mean, and I just don't think it's very useful for society.
Lisa Galea: If we are not thinking that we're safe with our own humans.
Lisa Galea: And our partners in life, really.
Lisa Galea: So, but can you see how quick and easy you could send that to a stakeholder explaining something of yours?
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: And it'.
Helena: That'd be good.
Lisa Galea: Once you… you can use it so quickly, and all you have to then go is code, it's a HTML document, that's it.
Lisa Galea: And then you would just go to the free one, where it just lets you have a free one page.
Lisa Galea: Paste it in, and that page is live for them to see.
Lisa Galea: So, it is pretty handy, like, the speed of being able to share that data with my friend. Like, I'm sure if you went and… I know men love all those charts.
Lisa Galea: So, once you know what you want, you can write this, and then go, oh, here's some information I got for you.
Lisa Galea: They think you're a champion.
Lisa Galea: So, it's a really good way of communicating it, especially visually, I think.
Lisa Galea: And it's done a pretty good job.
Lisa Galea: That's why also this branding is really key, because
Lisa Galea: If you've got a document that's a knowledge base on your brand, it will go and always use the same fonts, it will always use the same stuff to make these.
Helena: Oh, good.
Lisa Galea: You see? I already… that's why I'm like, okay, it's doing everything I want, you better make sure you actually know what you want.
Lisa Galea: So, that's why I think having that clarity, it's like, I don't… I'm doing this for the bots, that's why I keep telling my team.
Lisa Galea: for the bots, I don't want to be organized.
Lisa Galea: Alright, so there is a lot of things in the way we work that we'll be just learning how to use AI to find the answers to what we need.
Lisa Galea: Have you guys… I'm assuming that you already have a brand vision and stuff like that, with your dad being a nice, organized human. What is it?
Helena: As in our brand guidelines.
Lisa Galea: But it is not a very useful one, isn't…
Lisa Galea: Do you have any idea what any of your purpose is, or any of anything else? Because, like, everyone in your company should know what it is.
Helena: Yes and no. We have very, loosey-goosey… we, how do I say this nicely? I'm in an office with a lot of ears.
Helena: There are pillars.
Helena: And each pillar, as a strategy.
Helena: And… Brand guidelines that is followed.
Helena: But there is no…
Lisa Galea: Umbrella.
Helena: umbrella.
Lisa Galea: So when you're saying… So, are they, like, different departments?
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: How does it look at the moment? Because that's the problem, is like, do we… are we having to make artwork, or can we pull it together that we can do… No, we should have enough artwork, as in fonts, colors, logo, all of that. I don't think we really… I think it's gathering it.
Helena: Yeah, and it's more utilizing it in a way that's speaking to the people that we want to speak to.
Lisa Galea: And maybe giving them templates.
Helena: Oh, yes, yes. And, plans, like, 6 monthly plans for things.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, and setting them up for success is what we want, so then they're more confident to move forward, and everyone's more useful.
Lisa Galea: Right, so I have got a thing. Have you got any of that information?
Lisa Galea: Can you gather that information that we.
Helena: Yeah, I've got our… our marketing girl, Odette, is ready to put that in.
Helena: Okay. As Google.
Lisa Galea: drive now.
Helena: drive thing. So once you share that with me.
Lisa Galea: I'm gonna.
Helena: I'll share that with her, and she can…
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: Whizbang, whatever, and put it in the…
Lisa Galea: Do you guys have, you have
Lisa Galea: Notion accounts, because I always didn't know what email to use, or I can invite you just with your normal email.
Helena: No, I don't have a Notion account. It's free, it's free, so I'll just invite you, and then you click and you'll be in, do you know what I mean? Oh, okay, cool.
Lisa Galea: Nike.
Lisa Galea: That's why I don't really want… I just don't think anyone wants more things to do.
Helena: Good news.
Lisa Galea: You know, we don't. We don't want more jobs, more apps.
Helena: No.
Lisa Galea: Don't ask me to go into another portal.
Lisa Galea: So there you go! That's why I love that way of sharing it, because it's like, I've got a client, there you go, have a look at this information for you, we don't have to log in.
Lisa Galea: But we do also want to make sure that if you're…
Lisa Galea: If you've got a team, I saw last night what AI… ChatGPT is bringing in Agentiv, where you can pretty much bring… make what you're doing and make AI in ChatGPT.
Lisa Galea: Which means every single person in your team can do that, so they're… you talk about silos, they're gonna be making their own little chains of jobs.
Lisa Galea: And if you don't have rules.
Lisa Galea: That could be going any old round.
Lisa Galea: of the aspberries.
Helena: Excuse me.
Lisa Galea: So, I will create… let me share this now… I'll share, make sure I put you on it. I have got you on it, I just haven't given you…
Lisa Galea: And I'll put it in the chat now, so you've got it.
Lisa Galea: And then I also… We'll put it on our Notion boards.
Lisa Galea: That we've got it. I work in two-week sprints to do with the moon. I'm feeling like that that's what ladies should do instead of 24-hour sprints.
Lisa Galea: But I've got that on there, so… I'm putting notes on here, and I've also got, then.
Lisa Galea: Our mission this week…
Lisa Galea: Get really clear on what that is, is to make sure we know why we're doing this.
Lisa Galea: What outcomes we are… like, this is written down.
Lisa Galea: And get as much of that brand strategy.
Lisa Galea: The brand architecture and your identity and what we've got.
Lisa Galea: Together. So we can look at it and go, okay, where are we at?
Lisa Galea: So, you've got that, we're getting the details, we're getting that in, we can do
Lisa Galea: I'll keep that for the week.
Helena: We've also done a priority of output list.
Lisa Galea: You have?
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Excellent. Is that handy? Very handy. And everything's handy, because then it means… that's why it's like we keep
Lisa Galea: you know.
Helena: We speak from all different perspectives, that's why it's like, I know my stuff, but I need to know your questions.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: So, what matters most in terms of levers in the next, sort of, 12 months, let's say 12… I'm not a big 10-year planner.
Lisa Galea: But, say, 12 or 18 months, is it getting new market share, or is it getting increasing income, or serving accounts? What would you say out of those three is your biggest goal, most important thing?
Helena: Definitely growing in the domestic market, but our customer channels and decision makers Have kind of changed.
Helena: We're doing a lot more with building groups.
Helena: End distributors, and less with end users.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, okay.
Helena: And then we've got, our export.
Lisa Galea: So, you really want to grow your market share.
Helena: Yep.
Lisa Galea: The main goal for the next, sort of, the next 12… 12 to 18 month goal.
Helena: Yeah, it's market share.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, it's increased much.
Lisa Galea: this one.
Lisa Galea: Is there any blockers that you see right now? What are the blockers? And, like, I'll ask both of you to say, what blockers do you see in achieving that goal right now?
Lisa Galea: To gain market share.
Helena: No… Maybe… Ow… how do I say… how do I say this?
Helena: Ow.
Helena: external facing… brand.
Helena: doesn't reflect the standard of work we do. So when decision makers skim past our staff, Doesn't actually reflect
Helena: The quality and the high-level services that we provide people.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: Like, it's almost a little bit… because we don't have a super strict 6-12 month external marketing plan.
Helena: It's kind of… things that do go external are a little bit higgledy-piggledy.
Lisa Galea: The messaging's not…
Helena: The messaging's not clear.
Lisa Galea: clarity yet.
Helena: Yeah, and the messaging is very…
Helena: I, from what I can see, is very angled towards the end users in medical equipment.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: But… That isn't necessarily the decision, the main decision maker.
Lisa Galea: Anymore.
Lisa Galea: What about you?
Isabelle: I definitely think consistency with the messages we're trying to get out there, that we are a premium product, we are good at what we do, and we do everything to a very high standard, is not always
Isabelle: come across, like, I think some of the decision makers are seeing us as…
Isabelle: Sort of mum and pop shop, just, like, not as high a standard as we are.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Isabelle: So that's one. And then, yeah, the consistency, and maybe also communication to our customers maybe could be better how we communicate with them.
Isabelle: Whether it's direct or through distributors as well.
Isabelle: Could be more clear.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Isabelle: So, more structured communication.
Lisa Galea: And also more value-add, because they'll be the one sharing your brand. Value added, yeah.
Helena: they're the brand messages. Yeah, like, what assets can we give them so that they're more than that?
Helena: Hmm.
Lisa Galea: So, when we're talking about setting up our team for success, that's why I think it's, like, employee experience, customer experience. You all come together. The brand experience is those people.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: All stakeholders.
Lisa Galea: stakeholders, and I think, you know, when people say it's nothing about it, it's how I even talk to my…
Lisa Galea: Like, the respect I give to my delivery man builds my brand.
Lisa Galea: Because I'm not in integrity with my values, you know, like…
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: One would hope I'm always curious and fun.
Lisa Galea: I think I am, I'm good for that.
Lisa Galea: So that is… that's cool. I actually have just realized, like, it's clicked more, because when I work
Lisa Galea: Like, a lot with builders.
Lisa Galea: they have had that gap where they're going for those Tier 2 projects.
Lisa Galea: But they're… and they're capable. Like, they're doing really well in business, but they haven't had time to bother with the website, they haven't had time to do all the stuff, and because they're actually good.
Lisa Galea: That's why they haven't had to bother, because they're still doing a great job, so they've got work.
Lisa Galea: But it's like, when they go into those corp… when they get to that level, you've got to put in all your capability statements, you've got to put in all the things, and you just do not fit in the group, because they look like…
Lisa Galea: Mum and dads, they look like a single-owned business. And everyone else, it looks like a leadership comp… you know, like a…
Lisa Galea: Premium Builder.
Lisa Galea: So that's… that is a problem for them, so we do, like, a brand makeover.
Lisa Galea: Not… because we're not changing the logo or doing anything, it's just…
Helena: And it's probably really good timing, because I know Odette, I think, is it through Odoo, Isabel, working on the new website?
Helena: Yeah, so she's doing a website refresh, so we just want to make sure before that goes external that we're all on the same page.
Lisa Galea: My bots are so amazing at this, you will not believe it. The communication thing is super cool, I love them. Nellie's my friend.
Lisa Galea: And I have built, like, I did an MBA in, body language and communication over Christmas, and so I've got one botch. I don't even know what to do with me so far.
Lisa Galea: So, he pretty much…
Lisa Galea: It just makes me look good all the time. And it also will help us, like, that once you get really clear on what you want.
Lisa Galea: That's why I feel we'll achieve it, because if we've got that really clear who we're serving, what we're making things for…
Lisa Galea: you can start making AI pump out some stuff pretty quick. That's useful, it's not just garbage. Alright, so, that's an excellent… now I actually see why you need this from a brand perspective, because I am, like, saying to people, oh my god, they're, like.
Lisa Galea: They just got Australian of the Year.
Lisa Galea: Like, they're the manufacturer, premium manufacturer in Australia, but you're…
Lisa Galea: How your dress doesn't look that way.
Lisa Galea: When people just see you.
Lisa Galea: But your actual internal strength, I feel, is totally fine. That's why I was like, I'm not really worried too much about…
Lisa Galea: your brand vision, because I'm sure your dad's got one.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: By a gentleman, it's just not being talked about properly.
Helena: Yes, and.
Lisa Galea: And in a knee.
Helena: It's not noted anywhere that we can go and share it.
Lisa Galea: That's what we're telling them what to think.
Lisa Galea: That's what we want to do. It's like, we are not guiding them. It's happening, your branding, just by shaking hands with someone.
Lisa Galea: But really, we want to guide them and tell them, because our brains are wallies, and so if they have those key words.
Helena: Never one.
Lisa Galea: the internal language, once you can…
Lisa Galea: once you have it, it's like when I… the reason I sort of moved into company culture was it's almost like you're running an ad campaign.
Lisa Galea: internally to change the language, and you have to start with changing that top… like, telling the top team, these are the words I want you to start saying. Right.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: things.
Lisa Galea: we work as a company. So then everyone, they go in to have a coffee, their brand vision should be in front of them as something they can go.
Lisa Galea: Like, you know, boom, boom, boom, this is what we do.
Helena: really wanna… lift from… buy from Emery.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: to work with Emery.
Lisa Galea: That's what we are.
Helena: An extension of your business as the distributors and as the builders, and…
Helena: whatnot. Yes, we still have the hospitals buying one or two trolleys and a couple of IV poles, like, they can still buy off us.
Helena: But… The bigger guys that lock in
Helena: projects, millions and millions of dollars. We want to work with them. We don't want them to buy off us.
Lisa Galea: Yet.
Lisa Galea: And I do think, as well, that market…
Helena: Changing that wording to work with us?
Lisa Galea: Here's our products, like, from a product model to a service model.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, and you'.
Helena: I think taking it to the next.
Lisa Galea: Lovely. You're very… you're almost very similar to… because you're manufacturing, you're similar to HPP, and…
Lisa Galea: Working with them for 17 years.
Lisa Galea: I know these things, so I get it. That's fine, that is good, when…
Lisa Galea: Is there anything negative that you're seeing, like, people are saying, or you think within the company that is a problem, that's like…
Lisa Galea: Because of this, this is really causing an issue, or it's, like, internal like that, a little termite or anything that you can see.
Lisa Galea: Just so we know.
Helena: There's some people who are not here, so it's fine, that are probably not as bored in taking on new technology and new systems and new ways and whatnot, so I know some of this stuff is going to freak them out.
Helena: So we also need to make sure that the way we introduce it is to not… Is it softly, softly?
Lisa Galea: Threatening, it's not threatening.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: And would you say that it is that, that they're afraid of losing their jobs because they think technology's gonna take over? Yeah.
Lisa Galea: We can do that, because that's what Pip does. He influences people to get what you want.
Helena: Oh, good.
Lisa Galea: Because it's like, if you say it in a different way.
Lisa Galea: Changes how people think about it.
Lisa Galea: That's all we need to do is frame it so, you know, that they can see that gap. Alright, that's good. Excellent, excellent. So…
Helena: Let me see if I can…
Helena: Where do you want me to put this?
Lisa Galea: I have given you a Google Drive link.
Helena: Oh, okay, cool, I can do that. I'll just pop these in here in case.
Helena: If there's anything that…
Lisa Galea: So, really now, at the moment, we are gonna… I'm gonna do a really quick customer, like, overview.
Lisa Galea: So, who is signing the contracts and is, like, you know, living with the outcomes of dealing with you?
Helena: So we probably… But, we have, I'm gonna say, 3 main customer pillars.
Helena: Where we have our, distributors as one, which can be domestically and globally.
Helena: we have our… Builders that we tender.
Helena: To, and work with, with builders slash architects, slash plumbers, whatever, like, that whole group of people.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: And then we have our… End user, customer group.
Helena: Which are our nurses and doctors and whatever.
Lisa Galea: Yep.
Lisa Galea: Your dad mentioned sterilisation was really your specialty area. Is that in Australia, or overseas, or it's everywhere?
Helena: Everywhere. Both. Yeah, so we went to the US, and we went to the HSPA, which is what they call their CSD, which is Central Sterilization Department, or something like that.
Helena: Spd, there's his. And…
Helena: That was the biggest conference I've ever been to.
Helena: And it's definitely something that is, like, our… our specialty.
Lisa Galea: And we.
Helena: But it's not our only…
Lisa Galea: Yes.
Helena: Specialty, if that makes sense.
Lisa Galea: Okay.
Lisa Galea: Well, this is good, we'll keep through this. That's good, that's good. Now, so what pains are they having? Why do they need you? I mean, obviously, you're making the equipment, but why are they calling you to make it?
Helena: A lot of people come to us for the customization, instead of making something.
Helena: work. We can make it work for them.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: And I guess people know our quality.
Helena: And we're just fortunate that
Helena: a couple of our big competitors bring in cheap shit from China. So, if you get the right person making the right decisions, well, then they're not going to want that.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Okay.
Lisa Galea: And then when they get your stuff.
Lisa Galea: what's the difference from getting it from… they don't have any problems, it's because of the quality of what you've put in? Like, what's the outcome for them compared to your comps?
Helena: So, because a lot of our custom stuff is
Helena: approved and changed and edited for exactly what they need. We've got our in-house engineers that work with them on the different drawings and whatnot. They know what they're getting when it arrives.
Helena: And…
Helena: I don't know, all of our stuff. Our big stuff arrives on casters and stuff, so it's easy to move, and they don't have to flat pack anything, it all arrives fully assembled.
Helena: Israel, can you think of anything else?
Isabelle: Yeah, so everything we do arrives fully assembled. There's no need
Isabelle: for flat packing, as Helena said, from, like, a lot of our competitors, there's a bit of assembly on site they need to do, whereas they just roll our stuff in and plumb it in, or plug it into the wall, and it's good to go.
Isabelle: We also… we also help them, because…
Isabelle: Normally, our big ticket items are obviously our height adjustable sinks and pack stations, so CSSD.
Isabelle: They are usually shoved in a back corner somewhere in a hospital, and the configuration of the rooms, so that's where our customization products come in, that we can configure stuff to suit their workflow, to suit their rooms.
Lisa Galea: Yeah. Because that really makes a difference, yeah.
Lisa Galea: You optimize the space for them.
Isabelle: Yeah. And get things to work, and most of our new ideas actually come from the customers themselves, because they've had a tricky situation, or they've needed something to work in an odd spot, or, you know, something like that, so we customize for them to make it work for them.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, perfect.
Lisa Galea: customers always have the best ideas, that's why I think working with you guys to achieve an outcome for a brand sprint is so important.
Isabelle: judgment.
Lisa Galea: than doing it on their own, because
Lisa Galea: I would take forever to go and find out sterilization.
Lisa Galea: And I just ask your dad, and he's telling me info, and he's like, why wouldn't I work like that with you, not for you? You know, like, that's how you want people to feel. I'm on your team, I want you to win. To be honest, I don't think I've ever worked for someone where they've lost money.
Lisa Galea: I mean, if I'm costing you money, I'm doing my job wrong.
Lisa Galea: Like, I'm like, that's my job, is to make you money, and marketing shouldn't cost that much money, like, I shouldn't be…
Lisa Galea: I shouldn't be all your budget, mate. You are choosing the wrong person, if that's the case. Alright. So, why do you think they really… do you think they really pick you over…
Lisa Galea: the customization, or is it really because of the quality? What's really making their lives easy while they pick you?
Helena: I think it definitely plays into the quality, but also the Australian-made has a big pool. I'm not 100% sure on what the percentage needs to be, but of
Helena: The new builds a certain amount of the products or equipment or whatever.
Helena: let's just, for example, because I don't know the number, 20% of that has to be from an Australian
Helena: company. Yeah. Or whatever, so we can fulfill
Helena: That part of what they have to do with the government.
Helena: Huh. Which is…
Lisa Galea: So it's not what they want, it's like a handy thing for them.
Helena: Like, we, yeah, like, we tick that box for them, and, with our capability statement, all of our sustainability and recycling or whatnot gives them
Helena: points.
Helena: To… especially with the building groups, to build their package together, we add more value than just a product.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Because you're sorting out, and you're solving those problems, like, that they need to get their buildings past the thing.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Get it? Excellent. Excellent. So that is, they care, these people, because… and you're not communicating that you're selling to those people.
Helena: -
Lisa Galea: the skill I like.
Lisa Galea: This is the catalogue and buy it.
Helena: Yeah, there's no work with us, there's no vis-a- services, there's no wins actually what we can do.
Lisa Galea: So, what tier are the people you're… are they, like, Tier 1 or 2? Do you know what tier builders they are? They've all got this tier number.
Helena: Isona.
Isabelle: We have done some Tier 1 customer, Tier 1 builders, and… but majority… Like, I'd say, like, we're…
Isabelle: 30% Tier 1, 70 cents, depend… The percent is Tier 2.
Lisa Galea: I think we do work with…
Isabelle: What if we could get…
Isabelle: to the Tier 1s. It'd be great if we could, like, the big multiplex, and the lend-lease, and you know, those big ones.
Isabelle: John… John Holland's narrative, too, so…
Helena: We just had John Holland come in for a tour this afternoon.
Helena: Which was really good, and they were really impressed.
Isabelle: Yeah.
Helena: But that is the first building group we have had through the.
Lisa Galea: So, your… our goal is to be Tier 1?
Helena: We want to supply to you.
Lisa Galea: At the moment, you're… 70%, that's it. You're 70% because you're excellent.
Lisa Galea: And so you're Tier 2. We want to… our real goal is to get us up to… we fit in.
Lisa Galea: with the people who are bidding to Lendlease.
Helena: Yeah, we're not the poor cousin anymore.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, we are actually not the… like, we stand out even in that group.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: And that's what we.
Helena: to tell them.
Lisa Galea: Need to tell them. The top 3 companies who were, like, in… I can't remember what it's called, but you know, like, how…
Lisa Galea: people… the top 3 companies, I think, that won worldwide, were all family-based last year.
Helena: Oh, good.
Lisa Galea: I watched, yeah, going through the behavioural, there's, like, a coffett…
Lisa Galea: conference nudge Tech, and they were saying it's…
Lisa Galea: Because you have a lot more room to pivot, you do a lot more little side projects to explore…
Helena: their decisions.
Lisa Galea: And the experimenting allows you to… Have more things going on.
Lisa Galea: But that is good, because it's not going… that talking to Tier 1 isn't going to stop you getting Tier 2.
Helena: No.
Lisa Galea: still solving all your customer problems.
Helena: So, that's good. So that's one pillar of our customers, and then our distributors is another pillar.
Helena: Which is a big pillar.
Lisa Galea: Okay.
Lisa Galea: And that's… Who are they?
Helena: So, like, there's a group called Gintingi. You can ask me how to spell that, and I've got no idea how to. There's one called Asatin.
Helena: It's about Yogan after.
Isabelle: Gatigi and Appenden are sort of our biggest ones, and then we have smaller distributors as well, like, Imaging Solutions.
Helena: DoubleS and stuff.
Isabelle: SCSS is the distributor.
Isabelle: We've got DB Health, we've got…
Lisa Galea: I don't… I did it, I ran…
Isabelle: Sort of… yeah.
Lisa Galea: I saw them, they wanted a database built for price.
Isabelle: Jeez.
Lisa Galea: I know who they are. So they're basically, like, other people like you, but who are specialized in their area.
Isabelle: Distributing your product.
Helena: Yeah, and we're a bolt-on to their service, so that they.
Lisa Galea: Again.
Helena: luggage more.
Lisa Galea: Do we need to target them, or is your communication, really not aimed at them, because they're there already?
Helena: we have a lot of room to grow with our big distributors, like Gintengi and Atherton.
Helena: domestically, and Gintengi is huge internationally.
Lisa Galea: So you don't need more of them, you need to give them information.
Helena: We need more from those ones. Yeah.
Lisa Galea: So we're not looking for… with Tier 1, it was like, we want more, but with this one, we're like, we're looking to serve these people, because if we serve these people properly.
Helena: We'll get more.
Lisa Galea: You didn't even need to get other ones, do you know what I mean?
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: They're that, yeah, cool.
Lisa Galea: Excellent-y. Here's another one?
Helena: Ecolab, is that one?
Isabelle: We'd like to get them back on board, so they… we had Ecolab or Gale quite a few years ago, and then they signed an exclusivity contract with a competitor of ours, so they were with them, and they're…
Isabelle: the contracts.
Lisa Galea: Amazing.
Isabelle: her belly.
Lisa Galea: Check.
Lisa Galea: Small.
Isabelle: fine.
Helena: The Chinese Flat Pact.
Isabelle: Oh, yeah.
Lisa Galea: Lucky.
Isabelle: And then, yeah, like, we had another…
Isabelle: possible distributor visit us, Paragon, or the CH2 people, so we'd like to get them on board, as well as their premium range of their product lines.
Lisa Galea: And again, with them anyway, what we're… what we're doing in terms of making you… you look fitted in that Tier 1, they want anyway, because then it's easier for them to sell you.
Helena: Yes, and some of the times, like today, when John Holland came around, he also brought the Gintingi guy, who has won their contract, but our products are being supplied to John Holland through Gintingi. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's fine, got ya.
Lisa Galea: So really, with the distributors, you are…
Lisa Galea: We need to talk to them, but really, we're… you're both serving the same human.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, you're both selling the same unit, but you just do different things, so you just want to set them up for success to sell your product.
Helena: Yes, we need them to have more…
Lisa Galea: Know what you've got, and they can actually sell it.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Okay?
Lisa Galea: And… okay, so… Is there any confusion about what you do, or is it just…
Lisa Galea: they don't really realize your capacity, is what I'm seeing, but is there any other…
Helena: Realize our capacity, and also don't.
Helena: Understand.
Helena: the, the,
Helena: options with the customization. Like, they kind of go, oh, we aren't, like, makes sense that you can make that table a bit longer.
Helena: But it's like, no, we can do whatever you want to that table.
Helena: like… And that's clearly not.
Helena: Out there as much, and that might be a… an industry understanding of Customization of these products.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, you've got to educate them on what actually.
Helena: what we can actually do. What it means, what you're saying, and what you can do, because it doesn't… that could mean anything, like, I make table legs longer.
Lisa Galea: But you're really designing the room with them and supporting them for success through the whole journey, not just about the product. It's about the workflow, about how.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Making sure that it's useful.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: Is there one thing?
Lisa Galea: that you could say, I could credibly promise about our stuff, that we're like, that's it.
Lisa Galea: There's one thing that's so different about us that makes us that.
Helena: Oh, if you're talking… CSD products.
Helena: It would probably be, like, if we're talking sinks and against our main competitor.
Helena: A big selling point is it arrives fully assembled… fully assembled.
Lisa Galea: Because it would be like IKEA that I'm putting the wheels on. I bet in every one it's like IKEA with wheels and floppy little sides, and I'm trying to do the thing together.
Helena: And lots of, like, dirty little corners and stuff that they can't clean properly and whatnot. And I think probably our standards. We don't just meet the standards, our standards are actually
Helena: We are now.
Helena: global standards, not just Australian standards.
Lisa Galea: I… the market, after I worked… when I was looking at your stuff last time, I went into the market, if you got into these American markets, and I was like, oh my god.
Helena: the money, if you've got a one… I was like, what would they… what would they make? Because I was like, this just doesn't make sense with AI, what's the value?
Helena: alike.
Lisa Galea: It was a lot.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: Even if you only got fifth, like, 0.5% of that market.
Lisa Galea: It… it was… mental.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: And they actually love…
Helena: Oh, yes.
Lisa Galea: Massive advantage, because we have low brand trust at the moment.
Helena: Hmm.
Lisa Galea: That's because…
Lisa Galea: it's like… So much brand… no brand trust. So, that is… in Australia, it's like, we are really trusted globally.
Lisa Galea: In Canada, you just said good day, and people were nice to you. It was a crazy thing.
Helena: called us the Australian Barbies at the conference.
Lisa Galea: charging.
Helena: America, yeah.
Lisa Galea: Well, they love us.
Helena: I said, if you buy something off me, you can call me whatever you want. I don't care.
Lisa Galea: They would love that too! I'm sure it was like, it's crazy, so…
Lisa Galea: Excellent, so I think we can really get a basic overview of what we've got today. You're going to give me what you've got in colours and stuff like that, so I'm going to lay that out and do that job for you, because I think that would be easier, so I can just make the picture.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: I was gonna get us to grab it. I think it's just easier if I lay it out, and then next meeting, we can…
Lisa Galea: look at it, otherwise our brains will fry. But we have really got a good… we've got a good… we know roughly… I think we know where we're going and what we want to do. I do want to know, so when this sprint finishes, our big picture goals.
Lisa Galea: That is in middle… you're going away middle of November, for a conference, sort of end of November.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: What are those dates, Isabel? Do you know them?
Helena: We live on the 28th of November.
Lisa Galea: So alcohol's, like, a week before, right?
Helena: Yeah, the 28th. Yeah, if we could have that.
Helena: young.
Lisa Galea: I'm aiming for, like, 6 weeks, which was, like, mid, I think it was mid, but… Oh, okay. That's when I'm, like, I'm on it, because I was, like, at the
Lisa Galea: in my brain, so I know that that's when I was going for, so that's good. I'm not going to say, oh, no, it doesn't matter, we've got two extra weeks, because we haven't
Lisa Galea: Because I do want to know who is your target in… at that conference, because that's who I really want to make sure we're ready for, even if we.
Helena: distributors.
Lisa Galea: shut down.
Lisa Galea: Okay, the distributors.
Helena: because it's a, it's Hong Kong's turn to host the world sterilisation.
Lisa Galea: And it is really focusing on sterilisation.
Helena: Yeah. Yeah. Like, we want a global international distributor, and might not necessarily even be
Helena: someone based in Hong Kong.
Helena: It just happens to be where the conference is.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, yeah, yeah, they've all come, hopefully.
Helena: They've all… hopefully they've all come from over, yeah.
Lisa Galea: I do, I don't say before.
Isabelle: or the conference was in Chile.
Lisa Galea: Okay.
Isabelle: So, I don't know where it's gonna be next year. So, the year before that, was it in Los… no, that was at the other conference. The American conference was in Las Vegas the year before.
Isabelle: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: So we want to go to this conference.
Lisa Galea: And show your capabilities to distributors.
Helena: We want a huge, almost us-wearing t-shirt saying, work with us.
Lisa Galea: Yeah.
Helena: Yep.
Lisa Galea: I'm an Aussie Barbie.
Helena: I'm an Aussie, Barbie. Maybe we should get Barbie dolls.
Lisa Galea: If that's what works, we'll be doing it, but I think we won't need to do that, my friend. Work with us is good.
Lisa Galea: But I do think, like, with even, you know, like, just getting that language out and communicating in the right way, you… you're gonna win the game. The sterilization, I feel, though, we really need to… I think we should specialize in that, like.
Lisa Galea: Because… even I was thinking, when you said about corners.
Lisa Galea: you guys obviously know all this stuff, but people wouldn't be thinking, well, yeah, I've just put it together myself, and because I put it together myself, I've now got a shitty corner where it's not sterilized.
Lisa Galea: Yes. Hard to sterilize, okay? So again, your manufacturing processes are aligned with sterilization, because having sealed corners and having that is why you're the best.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: This is really your one thing.
Lisa Galea: Because you're manufacturing cabinets, obviously loads of things.
Lisa Galea: You can do other things, it's just because most people are wallies, so we need to make sure they know only.
Helena: they know.
Lisa Galea: But even when you said it, I was like, they probably don't realize that, that when they're making an IKEA kit.
Lisa Galea: You could show them a visual diagram of where the germs are forming, do you know what I mean?
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: And be like, look at this in the corner, like, hi, imagined you immediately.
Lisa Galea: with one of those lights, like, you know when they're hotels from…
Helena: Yeah, the glowing light.
Lisa Galea: You want one. You want to go over and go, and then everyone would want, like, your shit. She'd be like, I don't want Jones.
Helena: None.
Lisa Galea: And obviously with COVID and all the things that we've got, there's so many places, countries preparing for more.
Helena: Of that.
Lisa Galea: I think we will have more problems in the future.
Helena: Hmm.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, my darling. But I think they care about sterilization, because we… I just thought it was a joke in COVID, because when you do uni and your science uni, you can't have germs in your experiment, because you're going to mess things up. And I was like, this is a joke, there's germs everywhere.
Lisa Galea: this is not working, the mask thing, that's just ridiculous that you think that's sterile. Mike's, like, wearing a mask and then putting his keys in his pocket, touching everything, and I'm just like, germs, germs, germs!
Lisa Galea: So, I think that the, it… well, we're not going to make a decision, because we're exploring, pushing boundaries. I mean, I really want to make sure I go and… I'll go and do some reporting.
Lisa Galea: I think because of our speed thing, it's that if I do the reporting, then I share the prompts, so you see the questions I'm asking, and the way I'm doing that.
Lisa Galea: And we're not just expecting you to know the shit before we've started, and then I can show you the results, and we'll work from there.
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: The only one other thing I wanted to show you quickly on my list, which was for AI.
Lisa Galea: We've done very well, girls.
Lisa Galea: Oh, that's a lot of questions.
Lisa Galea: But really, we're setting seeds, and once we do and see what are the customers, what is your competition great at, and what are they shit at.
Helena: Hmm.
Lisa Galea: I want to know that, so then we can start making better decisions. But because you will find there's a lot of information… am I back on share? Let's Sherry, sharey, I'm not, am I?
Helena: Not yet.
Lisa Galea: Get rid of our Gantt chart that makes me look like a nerd.
Lisa Galea: Here we go! We have got… so say I'm doing market…
Lisa Galea: I was doing market research on retreats.
Lisa Galea: Getting a bit carried away, I know, well, there's a lot of information we can find out online.
Lisa Galea: And what's cool is, these notebooks hold, like, 3,000 pages.
Helena: Huh.
Lisa Galea: But if you notice, when I'm doing it, so I've chucked it all in.
Lisa Galea: If you've got documents as well, you can just run, like.
Lisa Galea: get them made into PDFs, do you know what I mean? Because it doesn't like Word docs.
Lisa Galea: But it's basically, imagine your notebook, you can have as many as you want.
Lisa Galea: And what I'm doing is, when I'm doing the research.
Lisa Galea: you could then go Save to Note, and it comes over here. Do you see that I'm keeping…
Lisa Galea: the information I found out from all the stuff. First of all, I go and look in there, and then I'm like, go and find this out, go and find this out.
Lisa Galea: But as I find it out, then I can add it
Lisa Galea: I've written it down, it's the avatar.
Lisa Galea: So, I go… so the answers I'm getting, that I've asked all the random shit I collected, which I'm going to show you how to do that.
Lisa Galea: Then I'd actually name it when it comes over here, Avatar.
Lisa Galea: So then on the next one, I'm like, okay, now I want to go and see the market.
Lisa Galea: And because… then I grab them over, and I'm like, they're the market.
Lisa Galea: So I'm sort of moving through, and I can start selecting them, and saying, okay, what's trends? What's markets?
Lisa Galea: which is my avatar I want to work with, because I've named them properly.
Lisa Galea: Can you see?
Helena: Fun.
Lisa Galea: And I've brought back the information from here.
Lisa Galea: So, to add sources in here, it is magic, my friends. You can add YouTubes, you can add anything you want.
Lisa Galea: But you can go in here, and you can add Google Docs, no worries.
Lisa Galea: It's… basically, you're using… like Gemini, or AI, but only on those documents.
Lisa Galea: So you don't get shit. That's why it's great, and it's your documents, and then you can even come back to it and say.
Lisa Galea: is there any information on this? Have I got any information on this? And it'll go and look for you. You can make, you know, so I would just go in here, but you can also, once… this is, like, now, you can search in here just the same as you would
Lisa Galea: You can search or drive, do I have any documents about this? Or you can go to the web and say,
Lisa Galea: We need to know about sterilization, blah blah blah.
Lisa Galea: If I put in sterilization here…
Lisa Galea: I mean, obviously, you would type in something a bit more useful for them than that.
Lisa Galea: But it will go and just search for me, and then I can select what I want to add into here.
Lisa Galea: Which makes it a lot quicker than copying and pasting that you had to do.
Lisa Galea: But you see, you're like, oh, that's a lot of information.
Lisa Galea: Could be useful.
Lisa Galea: I would have a little look, I'd hope you'd know. But then, now, we don't have to read it.
Lisa Galea: Like, I don't like YouTube, I find it really hard to learn from YouTube. It just… I wouldn't watch someone do something. I need to see the list.
Lisa Galea: So I just get the YouTube link.
Lisa Galea: Just chuck it straight in here, I just go add YouTube, then I'm like, write a comprehensive step-by-step on how to do this.
Lisa Galea: And it just tells me what to do. So then I can watch the video, but I've still got it written there that I need to see in front of me.
Lisa Galea: And the other amazing, amazing thing it does, like, say I just went here for my target.
Lisa Galea: So I just would select my avatars.
Lisa Galea: And then I could go, give me a video overview.
Lisa Galea: I could do a podcast. If I'm going to see, like, I, if I was going to see a new customer.
Lisa Galea: I go in here, research them, bang it all in.
Lisa Galea: And then I'm like, audio, I can just walk the dog and get a podcast and find out about them.
Lisa Galea: So, it's pretty cool here.
Lisa Galea: like, here… Straight away.
Lisa Galea: Today, we're looking at a couple of source stacks that, might seem pretty disconnected at first glance. So, see, because I've put too much in there, but that's why I do the naming, okay?
Lisa Galea: big generational work profiles. It's pretty crazy. You can also do mind maps to find things out.
Lisa Galea: So, with your data in there, it becomes…
Lisa Galea: very useful. It does videos for you.
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: And even those podcasts, you can get out and use… you can change them into, like, your brand voice.
Lisa Galea: So, it is… it seems… it's just very… if you're finding out information and you're researching competitors.
Lisa Galea: Just bang them into a notebook.
Lisa Galea: Because then, you can then just go and ask questions. What's the gaps? What are they doing? Do you see what I mean?
Lisa Galea: And it just makes it way easier than you… and also, you can share, then, that research with me.
Lisa Galea: So, it makes it a lot easier to do.
Lisa Galea: So, I highly recommend this one, because it's… it's in note… it's in Google's ecosystem, it's free, and…
Lisa Galea: It's just, it is safe, and it's got all your stuff in there. So I'd highly recommend you play with that and make sure you start putting stuff in there, because you should be gathering a little bit too much information for your brain to deal with.
Lisa Galea: that's really… it gets too much for you to do. So, highly, I just want to make sure that if you do gather any stuff, you can start putting links in there so you can ask questions and make better decisions, okay?
Helena: Okay, cool.
Lisa Galea: Okay, and I will add you… I will just use… shall I use your Gmail or just your work ones to add you into my Notion page?
Helena: Work ones.
Lisa Galea: I'll just add you in here, and you will see… where's your portal?
Lisa Galea: I've got, like, our moon sprint, and I'll just put any notes.
Lisa Galea: And then we can just start, like, gathering what we're doing, because I still think this is just really easy.
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, it's just so easy. Like, the project management thing is… it's messy.
Lisa Galea: Whereas this is, like, hopefully that, in the end, it's like, okay, we're here. This is database structured, so it's, like, basically Excel on steroids. So we can also export them out.
Lisa Galea: As databases as well, so it's very useful.
Lisa Galea: That is it. Have you got any questions? Because I think we've done good, and we can gather.
Helena: I don't think so. The only thing I need to do is put all of our assets in that Google Drive, and then I'll send you our priority list of outcomes.
Helena: And then I think that was it.
Lisa Galea: And then…
Helena: Right?
Lisa Galea: What about, then, on Thursday.
Helena: Or when to come.
Lisa Galea: all the… I'll pull that… I… because I actually, just before the meeting, grabbed an old hard drive out.
Lisa Galea: Because I did think, as well, having…
Lisa Galea: the brand… I think we can make it look really good with the brand story, with the culture.
Lisa Galea: And I've pretty much got the first brochure. I've got everything. I know I have, because that's what I had for HPB. So I started off when you were still… were you called Hauken?
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: So I've got all… I'd have definitely all that documentation and everything from then.
Helena: Oh, perfect.
Lisa Galea: And so, gathering those odd photos is this when we started. It gives that weight that we've been here this amount of time, and.
Helena: I mean, a bit of a timeline story and stuff.
Lisa Galea: want a story on it, so it was just like, it's a nice story that adds weight, as we are an established company, we didn't start last week.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: And that.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: these are the little beads, is how we build the trust. Because I think that that's what we're really aiming to get, is trust by the Tier 1s.
Lisa Galea: They'd prefer to use a family, they'd prefer to someone who cares about it, they want better results.
Helena: But they're just not sure that if they can trust you to handle the job.
Helena: Yes.
Lisa Galea: Perfect.
Lisa Galea: Alright, my friends, have the best day on purpose. What time on Thursday? Let me know. Suits you.
Helena: Yeah, we'll have a bit of a look.
Lisa Galea: one, let me know, because I know, Isabel, if you want to just talk about that…
Lisa Galea: You just told me when, that's fine.
Isabelle: Yep, yep, yep. Easy peasy.
Lisa Galea: And what about on… do you think Tuesday, Thursday?
Lisa Galea: And do you have a time? Do we… should we do… Tuesday? I think this is a good time, end of that.
Isabelle: Yeah. Next year.
Lisa Galea: Oh my gosh.
Helena: Tuesday, we're at a conf… next Tuesday, Thursday, we're actually at a conference in Melbourne.
Lisa Galea: What other days you have that week. Any other days, or not really?
Helena: We could do… Friday?
Lisa Galea: Friday, okay.
Helena: Friday, or super early Monday morning.
Helena: Which could work your time, because our 8.30 is actually your 9.30.
Lisa Galea: Not a pretend.
Lisa Galea: But I will…
Lisa Galea: I was so glad that I had the extra hour, you won't believe. But I did work till very late, so that's fine. I,
Lisa Galea: Yeah, okay, well, I think Friday is a definite. You tell me what time you have on Friday.
Lisa Galea: And… we will see what we need. It might… we would still… we still can communicate.
Lisa Galea: Yeah. But I do think, really, to get this done in quick enough.
Helena: the two catch-ups a week. Yeah, yeah, it'll be… we definitely need those, but I also think…
Lisa Galea: My job is to do what I normally do for brand strategy.
Lisa Galea: Do the research and do that stuff for you. So next week, if you're not gonna be here.
Lisa Galea: I will still block those times in and make sure, okay, well, that means I can really get deep and know what's going on with this myself.
Lisa Galea: And so then, we can build tools that are useful for them, and things that we know will…
Lisa Galea: You know, that'll… the best presents for your people, because that's why I like to know people very…
Helena: Yes. Just so we can make them what they want, and everyone's happy, and…
Lisa Galea: We'll do a good job.
Helena: Perfect.
Lisa Galea: Excellent, I look forward. You tell me that priorities, I'll look at that, and then Thursday, we do… I think Thursday, ideally, if you could do, like, a 10-ish.
Lisa Galea: like, more of a morning, because today we're really not going to do anything. We're going home, like, we might tidy up.
Lisa Galea: I mean.
Helena: movie.
Lisa Galea: good that on Thursday, if…
Helena: Following Thursday.
Lisa Galea: Or notes, like, I'm saying every week for the next.
Helena: Oh, yeah.
Lisa Galea: Apart from if you're busy, do you know what I mean? But if we had that meeting in the morning, it would mean, oh, I've had it at 10.30, shit, we have got stuff to do.
Helena: Huge stuff to do.
Lisa Galea: Thursday afternoon to maybe pull my finger out.
Lisa Galea: Whereas if we leave it till Thursday afternoon, you know, it's Friday, and we're like, oh, who could be bothered?
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: I'm like that. So it's like, if you do me… if we go in Thursday morning, where are we at? Have we done what we wanted this week? Shit, we haven't, highly likely. Then we go, shit, we better do it, and we at least have got half a day.
Helena: To do… have… do something.
Lisa Galea: Do you work on Fridays, normally?
Lisa Galea: Yeah, okay, cool. So you both were all days?
Lisa Galea: Okay.
Helena: Which makes it easy.
Lisa Galea: Yeah, okay, cool, I don't… that's fine.
Lisa Galea: So I don't normally work Mondays, but I do work Fridays. I work till 12 on Fridays, but…
Helena: Okay.
Lisa Galea: I'm flexible, because what am I really not doing? I'm already working on Fridays for years. I'm happy to do every one's fine. But I… it's good, because I keep Fridays for that, for clients, if they need me.
Lisa Galea: Bye.
Lisa Galea: My team now, I'm here till 12. It's more for my team, don't bother me.
Lisa Galea: On Mondays.
Helena: Perfect.
Lisa Galea: Excellent. Let's get… I think we will achieve for this first two weeks, I really want to get you to the point where we've got that brand guide, because I think we will have all of that ready.
Lisa Galea: And we know what assets we're missing.
Helena: Yeah.
Lisa Galea: But we just need to really get clear. We will definitely… I'm confident, at the end of this two weeks, we're like, cool, we actually look okay, we've got this.
Helena: Oh my god.
Lisa Galea: forwards,
Helena: Yes, perfect. No, that's great. Thanks so much, Luis.
Lisa Galea: No worries, my friend, have.
Helena: Bye!
Lisa Galea: Yeah, bye.